so jérôme today we discover
this is the case
6 but it's not me it's not easy at the moment a computer
counterpart the overruns recorded in France
the concept of this device that flew away
I take you back this part
a laptop took place in the street in front of the beautiful scene
case then appears this new concept of the socialist group
this is it
oh yes it's the easiest
it is by the arrangement between the pdl and the computer
serge cassen
it's all the archipelago arrived with the quick start
so small configuration
the federation optimized for situations
internet was the city message
3 far exceeded expectations
we will tell you that it's not a pc but even that fills we'll say 80% of the
face of a pc banks
it's a little symbolic at the time of curtain drop
I ask you god is not for today a pc it's just
an idea
in such a context where it has just opened for video editing
no need for average power intimidated him but that's the moment
to go under everyday uses today the bcc what on the internet
access but he knows very good text actually first season 10 injured
it's internet is saying today I'll connect you in less than 30
seconds
it's the concept of the start menu
nobili
kerr naked
the connection cities 3g and edge
for networks for those who connect at home but actually
with built-in flash
mondy injured in less than 5 seconds
then no so built-in flash does not make indoor hard drive to
dynamic mechanical portable hard drive obviously a product
secure them
a silent product
evoking productive to consume less August 22, 2010
a party that has a plan to get lost to connect
we are addressing people who do not know anything about computers
say
we knew that the jobs in the stores
aiming to develop such a simple interface
touch people who have never touched a computer
to get our hands on it and we will be able to touch the children of
less than ten years qualifying time
English desired the application
because you're not scared anyway of cannibalizing 2GB sales
other products because neither of love
a computer of 199 euros is attractive then even if for you
it's not necessarily disappointed
it still a little bit the flavor of what you're bringing
deal with the beds of other sales
very good question at his friend's house it's completely equal that he holds
cameron with fairly powerful graphics cards
for multimedia product lines with big with big it's 37
we have products work with leather and we are a complete range that
will respond to different types of clients
this product
I'm telling you and I'm not repeating these laptops is actually
communicating
the password is too much
these releases
so for today I am more today we find computers
portable presenter 399 and 499 euros
e is the user in any case there the person who would
interested in that can not say who has it for 5 euros more how
imagine more powerful with a yes ah 12
distinguishes this breed am not question that one can ask the question
today the six communes and 3,499 euros which are adaptations
the interest of this product is to say
turan wireless products are also people who do not want
not today by computer internally by sympathy to contain the
apprentices will be less afraid with that in photo we are today we simplified
the easy task is to say that I start quickly
and that today in 2 clicks this is not the question
it's really the simplistic watchword and communications
it can also act in progress
for people who already have a machine at home
christian I programmed without holidays what to look at pictures were written
future can watch my little videos i'll be able to login on
internet today all hope connections of exit in france
we had kids in the restaurants in the elite
in the German banking museums
an awaiting continuation
presenting as a laptop with the danger today
for the client it is today that the task arbitration seemed nevertheless
cheap of his sentence
we have the product limitations part install new programs
that here to do we will make a satisfied customer and we will lower the mark
double danger satisfied customers
brand awareness on the other hand is a real pc in the sense that
men's water component are compatible with
with us we have to think about 2012 on the spot and windows 7 is the most
attached since october
specific which 15 quick step anyone who has designed a little more in the
machine
windows without providing drivers
but then it becomes a real small laptop at this time not surprised
of this limit is then a disk space you are limited in space
memory
all the details of his concept
thank you so much